Fix Custom HTML block preview not rendering on first load (#78576) (#78582)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

> -   `SandBox`: Fix isolated preview iframe sizing by syncing resize messages through a two-way `postMessage` handshake, preventing empty Custom HTML block previews ([#78576](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/78576)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `SandBox`: Fix isolated preview iframe sizing by syncing resize messages through a two-way `postMessage` handshake, preventing empty Custom HTML block previews ([#78582](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78582)).
```

Changelog entries should reference PRs, not issues.
